chore(tekton,topology): add clusterrole manifests (#502)
janus-idp/backstage-plugins: plugins/tekton/README.md

  ```

>   > Tip: You can use our [prepared manifest for a read-only `ClusterRole`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins/main/plugins/topology/manifests/clusterrole.yaml), providing both Kubernetes plugin andd Tekton plugin access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > Tip: You can use our [prepared manifest for a read-only `ClusterRole`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins/main/plugins/tekton/manifests/clusterrole.yaml), providing both Kubernetes plugin and Tekton plugin access.
```
